so what'd you do dry it nice a little
dry take your pick
now you can see it's a lot easier to
comb through it doesn't stick as much
it's not pulling as much it's like a
gentle massage after you take a shower
when you pick your hair when you comb
your hair it's like a gentle massage
when it dries pulling it hurts a little
bit tough it's like ah but it feels
amazing that's it gets the blood flowing
in your face right after a shower is
gentle right easy
calms you down amazing feeling amazing
feel feels fluffy it feels amazing
right let me give you a side view
and very little hair comes out when it's
wet when it's dry when you're picking it
you know fair bit of hair comes out and
you don't do it every time ever every
time I don't pick it every time when
it's dry and that's what it feels I get
that's is this an amazing feeling um it
gets the blood flowing in your face and
it's one of the greatest feelings in the
world really when you have a large beard
like this and you know if you have a
pick or a comb that you can go through -
curly it but you know it's fairly long
but it doesn't look as long as actually
is because when it's curls it pushes up
right so it's it's solid and that's
that's what curly beards are like they
fluff up a lot and it makes you feel
great it's and actually makes you feel
strong you have this for some reason
it's a great sensation and and that's
what it's like unless I do manage my
hair I don't pick it every day when it's
dry I only do dry picking you know maybe
once or twice a week just to get that
sensation of pulling and just stretching
and get things loosened up so it's not
all bunched up and I don't get any
dreadlocks in there and stuff right I do
pick it every day after a shower and
when I go out if I'm going out you know
for a function or whatnot I do you know
look and look in the mirror to see what
it's like and if I want a fluffy beard I
you know take my pick and fluff away
right and the fluffy do only lasts a
certain amount of time because my hair
is curly it slowly sucks in and again
right but if I want to you know smaller
beer I leave it alone take a shower and
take my towel and just dry it out and
just you know pick don't pick it too
much just pick it a little bit and just
get it like this and leave it alone and
I'll slowly go in right if I want to
really fluffy I pick it for a while and
it feels amazing and I do this you know
I change it up depending on what I want
and that's what it's like I could I
highly recommend growing a beard like
this if you can because most men you
know a lot of men can't go
beer right can't grow a full beard but
if you have the opportunity if you have
the genetics to grow full beard I highly
recommend growing a full beard because
it's an amazing sensation and you know
if you only live once it's a good thing
to have it's a good thing to try because
you'll never get the sensation from
anything else right you'll never get the
sensation of you know every hair
follicle being pulled on your face
right it's like a face massage every
time you pick your hair and you know
people go out and pay good money for a
face massage and you can do it yourself
by just growing a beard and combing and
picking at it you know rejuvenates the
body rejuvenates your face and it's an
amazing sensation when it's dry it hurts
a little bit which is fine right you
know it's a it's a great feeling and a
little bit of pain coming out from
picking your hair combing your hair is
it's okay and when it's drying when it's
wet its wage and learn you know when you
pick it you could hear it right you
could hear what it sounds like with dry
it's like all scratchy and you know a
lot of hair comes off the pair comes off
the comb but when it's wet very little
hair comes off the pick comes up the
comb it's it's a great feeling okay and
that's how I manage manage my beard and
every now and then I take it a little
bit of form in a little bit just ran
those poking out and and that's it ever
beard is different every person is
different every look every person that
grows a beard you know they like
different look
so it's something different suits them
right and this is this is the look I
have and this is the look I get with a
full beard and no and I quite like it
okay
that's for how long I've grown this
beard it's a two-year beard and this is
probably the biggest actually this is
the this is the largest I've ever had it
in this size because I usually trim it
back a little bit but this is a
full-blown two-year beard and it's the
largest I've ever had
no figured I'd preserve a little history
and go through a little bit of a combing
session and show you how I you know one
of the ways that I appreciate my beard
and enjoy it because it's not just about
the look it's not just about caressing
and stuff like there's there's things
that come with the beard which is which
is amazing one of them one of the most
amazing feelings of it is picking your
beard giving yourself a face massage
every day it's fantastic okay I'll see
you guys in the next video bye for now